Remove / single source Docker install references Pt1 (#1223)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.14/modules/en/pages/about-rancher/architecture/recommendations.adoc

A user cluster is a downstream Kubernetes cluster that runs your apps and services.

ifeval::["{build-type}" == "community"]
If you have a Docker installation of Rancher, the node running the Rancher server should be separate from your downstream clusters.
endif::[]

> If Rancher is intended to manage downstream Kubernetes clusters, the Kubernetes cluster that the Rancher server runs on should also be separate from the downstream user clusters.

Reviewer: We should swap the order, otherwise the "also" doesn't make sense for the Kubernetes case.

We can also drop the conditional clause since that's the main purpose of Rancher.

```suggestion
The Kubernetes cluster that the Rancher server runs on should be separate from the downstream user clusters.

ifeval::["{build-type}" == "community"]
If you have a Docker installation of Rancher, the node running the Rancher server should also be separate from your downstream clusters.
endif::[]
```
